AISES at UCLA is an outreach, professional development and technical organization that aims to reach out to the Native American community on campus and the Southern California area to provide resources and opportunities to succeed in their STEM careers.
We welcome people from any major and ethnicity to join us on our mission of substantially increasing the representation of American Indians, Alaska Natives, Native Hawaiians, Pacific Islanders, First Nations and other indigenous peoples of North America in STEM studies and careers. We do so focusing on the following pillars of our organization:

Professional Development: We offer national conference scholarships and networking opportunities for all of our members. They consist of 1:1 meetings with recruiters and engineers from our industry partners, such as Facebook, Boeing, Intel and so on, on resume critiques, info sessions, mock interview workshops and socials. 

Technical Project: The only minority competitive technical project at UCLA. Our rocketry team, Bearospace,  is participating in the NASA Student Launch and First Nations Launch national competitions. Our members are able to choose a competition depending on their skills and experience where we train them to take on important sections of the project. This provides students of any level real hands on experience and ownership over a section of a competitive engineering project.

Outreach: We have an online weekly outreach program to K12 schools where our  members can volunteer to tutor and mentor high school students in STEM subjects and college advising workshops. During the year we also hold Youth Motivation Day in which we invite middle school students to participate in a day-long STEM day.

Follow us on social media for more information about our meetings and programs!

Facebook: UCLA AISES https://www.facebook.com/uclaaises/

Instagram: @ucla_aises https://www.instagram.com/ucla_aises/ 

Website: https://aisesatucla.wixsite.com/aisesucla 

GroupMe: https://groupme.com/join_group/37658441/Ibdhlu 

